All right.
In this lecture we're going to talk about how we can test our, uh, rag application.
So for that Rag application, I'm not going to use our actual Rag and the AI agent application that
we built before.
You remember, we were testing this Rag application, which was using a static document that we created,
uh, while we were testing the application using the ragas.
So the same thing I'm going to do over here as well.
So I'm going to use the same document store and the same embedding and also the retriever, the same
idea that I'm going to be doing from here for the evaluation, uh, using the deep eval this time.
And we'll see how we could able to achieve that over here.
So so basically I'm going to call this a rag, uh, application, uh, which is uh, without external
data, but uh, internal data set with an array of data that we have got.
So the same thing that I'm going to be doing over here as well this time.
So the first thing is I'm going to have the embedding, as you know, and we also need to have these
documents.
So I'm going to go copy these documents.
I'm going to paste that over here.
Let me try running it.
Pretty cool.
So that runs.
And we also need the retriever QA.
So I'm going to go probably just copy the entire thing.
Um and I'm going to put them over here and that becomes my retriever as well.
You see that all of these are really, really required.
So these things are just working fine.
I've just copy pasted blindly without doing anything over here.
But we were creating the multi shot sample data set for ragas earlier right.
Similarly in this case we actually need to create the evaluation data set for our deep eval as well.
So how do we create this particular data set over here.
Uh, in the, uh, in the eval deep eval.
So in order for me to create a data set, something like this, as you can see over here, uh, even
in deep eval, just go to the documentation.
See using data set.
Uh, and they have got a structure as well.
Look at that.
They have got this class called as LM test case class which accepts this input as we saw before.
And there's an actual output expected outputs and the context.
If you remember we have injected the input before in our data set over here which has got input and
we have got the expected output.
But we need to know what is the actual output.
And we also need to know the relevant context so that we can ensure that the evaluation of our large
language model can be done based on these inputs.
So for this evaluation of the, uh, of the data sets using this deep eval.
We need to have the actual outputs and the context.
So how do we get these two.
And this is the quest that we are about to get into in this particular lecture.
So in order for me to get the uh get those details.
So the first thing is, as you can see over here within, probably we just copy paste all the code,
as you can see over here, in order for me to get the relevant documents, which was the context and
the response, which was actually the response over here, I did the code something like this over here,
I'm going to do pretty much exactly the same thing in this as well.
So I'm going to pass the question and I'm going to get all the relevant, uh, documents over here or
the relevant, uh, context that I need from the Rag application.
So I'll show you how actually I can do that.
So I'm going to say probably I'm just going to delete this one, add a markdown, and I'm going to say
add the um, the or query the Relevant context and actual output from LM.
So those two things that I need to actually do from here.
So how do I actually do that?
It's very, very simple.
All I'm going to do it is I'm going to say from a deep valve, I'm just going to add something called
as a test case import LM test case.
So I'm going to do so.
All I'm going to do over here is I'm going to write a method over here.
And I'm going to say query uh with context maybe query for context as well as whatever it is.
Um, and this particular method, I'm going to say I'm going to have the uh retrieved.
A context, right.
Or maybe retrieve docs, whatever.
Pretty much like how we did in our earlier, uh, section of this course, like how we get the, uh,
retrieved documents Like this.
Like how we did it.
The same thing I'm going to be doing over here as well.
So in order for me to get the, uh, retrieved document, this retrieved document, I just do this particular
code right.
So I'm going to copy this code.
I'm going to say retrieve dot get relevant document will give me that uh, document is the question.
Maybe I'll just pass the question.
This will give me the relevant document that I'm looking for, and then I'm going to get the context
out of it.
So I'm going to say retrieved contexts is equal to.
And the contexts are going to be this guy.
This is going to be remaining the exactly the same.
So I'm going to copy this whole code and I'm going to paste that over here.
So it's going to be the document of the page content which is required from the relevant document.
And I'm going to get all the details.
And then I'm going to paste it over here.
Right.
And because this relevant document has got those details, I don't really need to iterate through the
relevant documents.
Once again I can just pass like, um, retrieved documents that will give me the document that I'm looking
for.
That is the that is the retrieved context that I have got.
And then I need to also have what is called as a response from the large language model, which I can
get it from the QA chain that I have got, which is this one.
So these things I am just running a bit faster because we have discussed this millions of times in our
earlier sections of this course.
So I'm just going to do the exact same thing over here as well.
So see that it's pretty much exactly the same thing.
And I'm going to return the, uh, retrieved contexts.
And also the response I'm going to return to, um, two of them from this particular method.
This is what is basically going to happen over here in this particular method.
So so yeah, I'm going to call this particular method in our next lecture.
And I will show you how you can actually create the entire test case or the LM test case, uh, required
for the deep eval, which we can use for the evaluation purpose.